\****
\ImplementaciónNaturalística-Rompecabezas
\Definiciones que permiten generar y manejar los rompecabezas
\Autor: José Antonio Juárez Romero
\Version: 05/22
\****

A puzzle is a thing with a box, a picture and some pieces.

A piece is a thing with a box, a number and a picture.

To create a puzzle from a path given a piece size:
  Allocate memory for the puzzle.
  Make the puzzle's box 6 inches by 6 inches.
  Center the puzzle's box in the screen's box.
  Fetch the puzzle's picture from the path.
  Resize the puzzle's picture to 6 inches by 6 inches.
  Center the puzzle's picture in the puzzle's box.
  Cut the puzzle into pieces with the piece size.
  Splatter the puzzle's pieces.
\*** for sample image ***
  Resize the puzzle's picture to 3 inches by 3 inches.

To cut a puzzle into pieces given a piece size:
  Draw the puzzle's picture.
  Put the puzzle's left-top into a spot.
  Loop.
    Allocate memory for a piece. 
    Append the piece to the puzzle's pieces.
    Put the spot and the spot plus the piece size into the piece's box.
    Extract the piece's picture using the piece's box.
    Add the piece size to the spot's left.
    If the spot's left is less than the puzzle's right, repeat.
    Put the puzzle's left into the spot's left.
    Add the piece size to the spot's top.
    If the spot's top is the puzzle's bottom, break.
  Repeat.

To splatter some pieces:
  Make a main box 10-2/5 inch by 6-4/5 inch. 
  Move the main box to the right side of the screen's box.
  make a work box 3-1/2 inch smaller than the main box.
  center the work box in the main box(horizontally). 
  center the work box in the main box(vertically). 
 Loop.
    Get a piece from the pieces.
    If the piece is nil, break.
    Pick a spot anywhere in the work box. 
    Round the spot to the nearest multiple of 1/4 inch.
    Center the piece's box on the spot.
    Center the piece's picture on the spot.
  Repeat.

To draw guide image given a puzzle:
  Draw the puzzle's picture.    

To display a puzzle:
  Draw the interface.    
 Show everything in the puzzle.
 Draw guide image with the puzzle.
  Loop.
    Get a piece from the puzzle's pieces.
    If the piece is nil, break.
    Draw the piece's picture.
  Repeat.
  Refresh the screen.

To track the mouse on a puzzle:
  Imagine a big box 10-1/5 inch by 7 inch.
  Move the big box to the right side of the screen's box.
  Find a piece of the puzzle given the mouse's spot.
  If the piece is nil, exit.
  Loop.
    If the mouse's left button is up, exit.
    Put the mouse's spot into a spot.
    Round the spot to the nearest multiple of 1/4 inch.
    Center the piece's box on the spot.
    Center the piece's picture on the spot.
    Display the puzzle.
    if the piece's box is not in the big box, exit.
  Repeat. 

To find a piece of a puzzle given a spot:
  Get the piece from the puzzle's pieces (backwards).
  If the piece is nil, exit.
  If the spot is not in the piece's box, repeat.

To fetch a picture from a path:
  Read the path into a buffer.
  Create the picture from the buffer.


